//  Much of the C++ standard library boilerplate comes from the LLVM library.
//      Specifically, this includes 'concept' and 'compare' as well as a
//      number of other classes.  The LLVM code has been streamlined to
//      work within this library, for example this library assumes C++ 20
//      and up so all the conditionals for prior versions have been
//      stripped out.  Also, macros for un-needed capabilities or ports
//      has also been removed.  In some places the code has also been changed
//      to work with other classes in this library.
//
//      LLVM is licensed under Apache 2.0, reproduced below.

//===----------------------------------------------------------------------===//
//
// Part of the LLVM Project, under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions.
// See https://llvm.org/LICENSE.txt for license information.
// SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 WITH LLVM-exception
//
//===----------------------------------------------------------------------===//



//  The implementation of the tuple class comes from Alecto Irene Perez and
//      can be found in this github repo: https://github.com/codeinred/tuplet
//      The implementation is complete and has great test coverage.  Alecto 
//      has done a great job with it.
//
//      tuplet is licenses under BSL V1.0, reproduced below.

//===---------------------------------------------------------------------===//
// Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

// Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
// obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
// this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
// execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
// Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
// do so, all subject to the following:
//
// The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
// the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
// must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
// all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
// works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
// a source language processor.
//
// THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
// IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
// FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
// SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
// FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
// ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
// DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
//===---------------------------------------------------------------------===//


